examples: add mcp server for web_search web_crawl (#585)
ollama/ollama-python: examples/README.md

### Chat - Chat with a model

- [chat.py](chat.py)
- [async-chat.py](async-chat.py)
- [chat-stream.py](chat-stream.py) - Streamed outputs
- [chat-with-history.py](chat-with-history.py) - Chat with model and maintain history of the conversation

### Generate - Generate text with a model

- [generate.py](generate.py)
- [async-generate.py](async-generate.py)
- [generate-stream.py](generate-stream.py) - Streamed outputs
- [fill-in-middle.py](fill-in-middle.py) - Given a prefix and suffix, fill in the middle

### Tools/Function Calling - Call a function with a model

- [tools.py](tools.py) - Simple example of Tools/Function Calling
- [async-tools.py](async-tools.py)
- [multi-tool.py](multi-tool.py) - Using multiple tools, with thinking enabled

#### gpt-oss

- [gpt-oss-tools.py](gpt-oss-tools.py)
- [gpt-oss-tools-stream.py](gpt-oss-tools-stream.py)
- [gpt-oss-tools-browser.py](gpt-oss-tools-browser.py) - Using browser research tools with gpt-oss
- [gpt-oss-tools-browser-stream.py](gpt-oss-tools-browser-stream.py) - Using browser research tools with gpt-oss, with streaming enabled

### Web search

> `OLLAMA_API_KEY` is required. You can get one from [ollama.com/settings/keys](https://ollama.com/settings/keys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An API key from Ollama's cloud service is required. You can create one [here](https://ollama.com/settings/keys).
```

### Tools/Function Calling - Call a function with a model

- [tools.py](tools.py) - Simple example of Tools/Function Calling
- [async-tools.py](async-tools.py)
- [multi-tool.py](multi-tool.py) - Using multiple tools, with thinking enabled

#### gpt-oss

- [gpt-oss-tools.py](gpt-oss-tools.py)
- [gpt-oss-tools-stream.py](gpt-oss-tools-stream.py)
- [gpt-oss-tools-browser.py](gpt-oss-tools-browser.py) - Using browser research tools with gpt-oss
- [gpt-oss-tools-browser-stream.py](gpt-oss-tools-browser-stream.py) - Using browser research tools with gpt-oss, with streaming enabled

### Web search

An API key from Ollama's cloud service is required. You can create one [here](https://ollama.com/settings/keys).

```shell
export OLLAMA_API_KEY="your_api_key_here"
```

- [web-search.py](web-search.py)

#### MCP server

The MCP server can be used with an MCP client like Cursor, Cline, Codex, Open WebUI, Goose, and more.

```sh
uv run examples/web-search-mcp.py
```

Configuration to use with an MCP client:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "web_search": {
      "type": "stdio",
      "command": "uv",
      "args": ["run", "path/to/ollama-python/examples/web-search-mcp.py"],

>       "env": { "OLLAMA_API_KEY": "api-key" }

Reviewer: Might want to say this is "your_api_key_here" or similar
